---
layout: post
title: title
published: true
---

# We're rescuing ya.

What are their names? Anyone who laughs is a communist! Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk! Pansy. The alien mothership is in orbit here. If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards. Checkmate.

Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. __Well, how is his wife holding up?__ *…To shreds, you say.* Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar.

## Moving along…

So, how 'bout them Knicks? Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped. I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… Who are you, my warranty?!

1. Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory.
2. Maybe I love you so much I love you no matter who you are pretending to be.
3. I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things.

### Look, last night was a mistake.

So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct? How much did you make me? OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. That's not soon enough! But existing is basically all I do!

* Who are you, my warranty?!
* Negative, bossy meat creature!
* Daddy Bender, we're hungry.

Kids don't turn rotten just from watching TV. No, of course not. It was… uh… porno. Yeah, that's it. There's one way and only one way to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain!

I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in. Ooh, name it after me! As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead.

And until then, I can never die? Take me to your leader! This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! Oh right. I forgot about the battle. In your time, yes, but nowadays shut up! Besides, these are adult stemcells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults whom I killed for their stemcells.

And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it. I'm sorry, guys. I never meant to hurt you. Just to destroy everything you ever believed in. You wouldn't. Ask anyway! Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing.

Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs? But I've never been to the moon! I don't 'need' to drink. I can quit anytime I want! Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun?

Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty? Is the Space Pope reptilian!? Eeeee! Now say "nuclear wessels"! Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere?

What are you hacking off? Is it my torso?! 'It is!' My precious torso! All I want is to be a monkey of moderate intelligence who wears a suit… that's why I'm transferring to business school! What's with you kids? Every other day it's food, food, food. Alright, I'll get you some stupid food.

Large bet on myself in round one. Professor, make a woman out of me. Hey, whatcha watching? Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

Moving along… Are you crazy? I can't swallow that. That's right, baby. I ain't your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him! Hey, guess what you're accessories to.

I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family.

Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. I daresay that Fry has discovered the smelliest object in the known universe! It's a T. It goes "tuh". Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away!
